Add UTM tag to cloud waitlist links (#30313)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

- [Access tokens on Sourcegraph Cloud](access_tokens_on_cloud.md)

## Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams

> Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams allows small teams to experience the best of Sourcegraph, without self-hosting. Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams is in Private Beta. Learn more [here](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) and [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku?utm_medium=direct-traffic&utm_source=in-product&utm_term=in-product-banner&utm_content=cloud-product-beta-teams) to get access today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams allows small teams to experience the best of Sourcegraph, without self-hosting. Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams is in Private Beta. Learn more [here](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) and [join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku?utm_medium=direct-traffic&utm_source=docs&utm_content=cloud-product-beta-teams) to get access today!
```
